#
# The following list of tests is used when no option is given
# to run the script runUnitTest.py
#
# These tests are also run automatically by Hudson.
# The second column gives the name of the person responsible for each test
# Do not include the suffix .py

test_agentflagger               scastro@eso.org
test_applycal                   scastro@eso.org
test_bandpass                   gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
test_calanalysis                gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
test_caltabconvert              gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
test_clean                      kgolap@aoc.nrao.edu
test_cleanhelper                ttsutsum@nrao.edu
test_clearstat                  scastro@eso.org
test_componentlist              dmehring@nrao.edu
test_concat                     dpetry@eso.org
test_conjugatevis               dpetry@eso.org
test_coordsys                   dmehring@nrao.edu
test_csvclean                   kgolap@aoc.nrao.edu
test_cvel                       dpetry@eso.org
test_cvel2                      jtaylor@partner.eso.org
test_cvelfreqs                  dpetry@eso.org
test_exportasdm                 dpetry@eso.org
test_fixplanets                 dpetry@nrao.edu
test_fixvis                     dpetry@nrao.edu
test_flagcmd                    scastro@eso.org
test_flagdata                   scastro@eso.org
test_flaghelper                 scastro@eso.org
test_flagmanager                scastro@eso.org
test_fluxscale                  ttsutsum@nrao.edu
test_gaincal                    gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
test_gencal                     ttsutsum@nrao.edu
test_getchunk                   dmehring@nrao.edu
test_hanningsmooth              scastro@eso.org
test_hanningsmooth2             scastro@eso.org
test_ia_adddegaxes              dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_boxcar                  dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_calcmask                dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_constructors            dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_continuumsub            dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_convertflux             dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_commonbeam              dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_convolve                dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_convolve2d              dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_crop                    dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_decimate                dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_decompose               dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_deconvolvecomponentlist dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_deconvolvefrombeam      dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_fft                     dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_fromarray               dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_fromshape               dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_getregion               dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_hanning                 dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_histograms              dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_imageconcat             dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_insert                  dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_isconform               dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_modify                  dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_pad                     dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_putchunk                dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_pv                      dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_rebin                   dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_replacemaskedpixels     dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_restoringbeam           dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_rotate                  dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_sepconvolve             dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_subimage                jjacobs@nrao.edu
test_ia_summary                 dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_toascii                 dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_tofits                  dmehring@nrao.edu
test_ia_twopointcorrelation     dmehring@nrao.edu
test_imcollapse                 dmehring@nrao.edu
test_imcontsub                  dmehring@nrao.edu
test_imfit                      dmehring@nrao.edu
test_imhead                     dmehring@nrao.edu
test_immath                     dmehring@nrao.edu
test_immoments                  dmehring@nrao.edu
test_impbcor                    dmehring@nrao.edu
test_importasdm                 dpetry@eso.org
test_importasdm_mms             scastro@eso.org
test_importatca                 mwiering@nrao.edu
test_importevla                 scastro@eso.org
test_importfitsidi              dpetry@eso.org
test_importmiriad               mwiering@nrao.edu
test_importnro                  wataru.kawasaki@nao.ac.jp
test_imregrid                   jkern@nrao.edu
test_imsmooth                   dmehring@nrao.edu
test_imstat                     dmehring@nrao.edu
test_imtrans                    dmehring@nrao.edu
test_imval                      dmehring@nrao.edu
test_listhistory                scastro@eso.org
test_listobs                    dmehring@nrao.edu
test_listvis                    scastro@eso.org
test_listpartition              scastro@eso.org
test_makemask                   ttsutsum@nrao.edu
test_me_shift                   dmehring@nrao.edu
test_measures                   jjacobs@nrao.edu
test_msmd                       dmehring@nrao.edu
test_mstransform                jagonzal@eso.org
test_mstransform_mms            scastro@eso.org
test_nrobeamaverage             wataru.kawasaki@nao.ac.jp
test_partition                  scastro@eso.org
test_plotants                   jkern@nrao.edu
test_plotcal                    pford@nrao.edu
test_plotms                     pford@nrao.edu
test_plotprofilemap             takeshi.nakazato@nao.ac.jp
test_plotuv                     jkern@nrao.edu
test_plotweather                pford@nrao.edu
test_po_complexfraclinpol       dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_complexlinpol           dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_depolratio              dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_fourierrotationmeasure  dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_fraclinpol              dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_fractotpol              dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_linpolint               dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_linpolposang            dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_rotationmeasure         dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_sigma                   dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_sigmadepolratio         dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_sigmafraclinpol         dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_sigmafractotpol         dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_sigmalinpolint          dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_sigmalinpolposang       dmehring@nrao.edu
test_po_totpolint               dmehring@nrao.edu
test_refimager                  rurvashi@nrao.edu
test_report                     jkern@nrao.edu
test_rg_frombcs                 dmehring@nrao.edu
test_rg_fromtextfile            dmehring@nrao.edu
test_rg_selectedchannels        dmehring@nrao.edu
test_slsearch                   dmehring@nrao.edu
test_sdbaseline                 wataru.kawasaki@nao.ac.jp
test_sdcal                      takeshi.nakazato@nao.ac.jp
test_sdfit                      wataru.kawasaki@nao.ac.jp
test_sdfixscan                  takeshi.nakazato@nao.ac.jp
test_sdgaincal                  takeshi.nakazato@nao.ac.jp
test_sdimaging                  takeshi.nakazato@nao.ac.jp
test_tsdimaging                 takeshi.nakazato@nao.ac.jp
test_sdpolaverage               wataru.kawasaki@nao.ac.jp
test_sdsidebandsplit            kana.sugi@nao.ac.jp
test_sdsmooth                   takeshi.nakazato@nao.ac.jp
test_setjy                      ttsutsum@nrao.edu
test_simobserve                 kana.sugi@ezweb.ne.jp
test_smoothcal                  gmoellen@aoc.nrao.edu
test_specfit                    dmehring@nrao.edu
test_splattotable               dmehring@nrao.edu
test_split                      scastro@eso.org
test_spxfit                     dmehring@nrao.edu
test_statwt                     ttsutsum@nrao.edu
test_tclean                     ttsutsum@nrao.edu
test_uvcontsub                  ttsutsum@nrao.edu
test_uvcontsub3                 ttsutsum@nrao.edu
test_testconcat                 dpetry@eso.org
test_virtualconcat              dpetry@eso.org
test_vishead                    jkern@nrao.edu
test_visstat                    jkern@nrao.edu
test_vpmanager                  dpetry@eso.org
test_wvrgcal                    dpetry@eso.org
test_req_task_listobs           nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_listobs           nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_listhistory       nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_importuvfits      nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_calstat           nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_rmtables          nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_clearcal          nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_imhead            nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_visstat           nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_delmod            nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_feather           nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_imrebin           nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_uvmodelfit        nschweig@nrao.edu
test_req_task_imreframe         nschweig@nrao.edu

# Casaguide List
#test_FirstLook_Imaging               awells@nrao.edu
#test_FirstLook_LineImageAnalysis     awells@nrao.edu
#test_FirstLook_LineImaging           awells@nrao.edu
#test_FirstLook_SelfCalibration       awells@nrao.edu
#test_ATCA_NGC612_advanced            awells@nrao.edu
#test_ATCA_NGC612                     awells@nrao.edu
#test_VLA_CorrectingBandpass          awells@nrao.edu
#test_VLA_Flagging                    awells@nrao.edu
#test_VLA_Imaging                     awells@nrao.edu
#test_VLA_3C391                       awells@nrao.edu
#test_VLA_IRC10216                    awells@nrao.edu
#test_VLA_MG0414                      awells@nrao.edu

